Docs: Update smart_open example code to prevent decompression error (fixes #59). (#60)
y-scope/clp-ffi-py: README.md

url = 's3://clp-example-s3-bucket/example.clp.zst'
# Using `smart_open.open` to stream the encoded CLP IR:

> with smart_open.open(url, mode="rb", compression='disable',
>                      transport_params={'client': session.client('s3')}) as istream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with smart_open.open(
    url, mode="rb", compression="disable", transport_params={"client": session.client("s3")}
) as istream:
```

    with ClpIrStreamReader(istream, allow_incomplete_stream=True) as clp_reader:
        for log_event in clp_reader:
            # Print the log message with its timestamp properly formatted.
            print(log_event.get_formatted_message())
```

Note:

> - Setting `compression='disable'` is necessary because smart_open by default
> infers the compression format from the file extension and decompresses the file
> automatically. However, the ClpIrStreamReader expects the input stream to be in
> the original compressed format. Disabling the automatic decompression ensures
> that the stream passed to ClpIrStreamReader remains compressed, preventing
> decompression errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting `compression="disable"` is necessary so that `smart_open` doesn't
undo the IR file's Zstandard compression (based on the file's extension) before
streaming it to `ClpIrStreamReader`; `ClpIrStreamReader` expects the input
stream to be Zstandard-compressed.
```

This is more of a suggestion to simplify things, but if you feel the additional info is important, feel free to disagree.

Author: I agree with the simplification. "`ClpIrStreamReader` expects..." carries the connotation that if the expectation isn't met, some errors might occur.
